Instructions to download mappings via Public API (#4659)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/destinations/catalog/adobe-analytics/settings.md

    }
 });
```
### Download Your Mappings With Segment’s Public API

> You can download your Adobe Destination’s mappings by sending a GET request to Segment’s [Public API]([url](https://segment.com/docs/api/public-api/)) endpoint for [Get Destination]([url](https://docs.segmentapis.com/tag/Destinations#operation/getDestination)). The response from the Public API will include the field names for both the Segment fields and Adobe fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Download your Adobe Destination mappings by sending a GET request to Segment’s [Public API](/docs/api/public-api/) endpoint for [Get Destination](https://docs.segmentapis.com/tag/Destinations#operation/getDestination). The response from the Public API includes the field names for both the Segment fields and Adobe fields.
```

> The Endpoint : `https://api.segmentapis.com/destinations/{destinationId}/`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The endpoint: `https://api.segmentapis.com/destinations/{destinationId}/`
```
